name: Vesa Haaparanta
email: vesa.haaparanta@tuni.fi
student id: 290336

from wikipedia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tetris date 11.05.2020
"Tetris is primarily composed of a field of play in which pieces of different geometric forms,
called "tetriminos", descend from the top of the field.
During this descent, the player can move the pieces laterally and rotate them until they touch the bottom
of the field or land on a piece that had been placed before it.
The player can neither slow down the falling pieces nor stop them, but can accelerate them in most versions.
The objective of the game is to use the pieces to create as many horizontal lines of blocks as possible.
When a line is completed, it disappears, and the blocks placed above fall one rank.
Completing lines grants points, and accumulating a certain number of points moves the player up a level,
which increases the number of points granted per completed line.
In most versions, the speed of the falling pieces increases with each level,
leaving the player with less time to think about the placement.
The player can clear multiple lines at once, which can earn bonus points in some versions.
It is possible to complete up to four lines simultaneously with the use of the I-shaped tetrimino;
this move is called a "Tetris", and is the basis of the game's title.
If the player cannot make the blocks disappear quickly enough, the field will start to fill,
and when the pieces reach the top of the field and prevent the arrival of additional pieces, the game ends.
At the end of each game, the player receives a score based on the number of lines that have been completed.
The game never ends with the player's victory;
the player can only complete as many lines as possible before an inevitable loss."

Above there is some univesral rules of tetris.
In my version too tetriminos are made from 4 blocks and they are coming down accelerating speed.
if you get full-line, line gets destroyed and you get some points 100 points for each line and if you get tetris additional 400 points.
You can see your score at right top corner where there is QLCD screen and below you can see gametime. Below score and time screen there
is lot of buttons some of them is disabled so you can't make mistakes. There is also radio button which is labeled crazy mode, it is special mode
where there is gravity pulling blocks down after every turn. You can also name it cheat or easy mode.
You can move teterimino laterally with a and d. Also you can drop tetrimino down as possible with key S.
You also can move tetriminos while they are down until next one start dropping. You can also see next tetrimino at top left corner.
I have implemented all seven tetrominos with diffrent colors. Tetriminos stop berore they are top of other tetriminos or borders.
You lose when you can't move tetrominos any more and there is label come visible that says game over.

Also there is 2 attempts with very diffrent ways to make tetriminos rotate, but they are still in WIP.
